Again, thank you very much everyone. Thank you very dearly. It's welcome everyone. Thank you. Thank
you very much. Again, we continue to follow the teaching of the greatest teacher,
for the Shakyamuni, as told by Jaki Duneung Rinpoche. And the Jaki Duneung Rinpoche, there are so
many different variety of teachings that covers all the meanings of the Nayana teachings,
and as well as the three cultures and poetry, and all those different things that Jaki Duneung Rin
poche told, but this time we are following as that kind of beat instruction.
The heart advice, as in the teaching said, the title, "Heart Advice for the Fourteen Ones." That's
why we are following that.
So, we are following this teaching, beating and kind of activating and trying to put that in our
heart and mind so that we can practice and continually activate our practices.
And we all are practitioners. We all follow a greatest teacher, Vada Shakyamuni's teaching, and
that, as told by many great teachers, the lamas told that.
But this is always a Jaki Duneung Rinpoche teaching. It's essence of the old teaching. So, it's
every teaching that what you receive from many great masters and teachers,
that is really good. This teaching is going to just activate it and clarify, so that we can really
observe and kind of use to our growth and the realization of the practices.
So, therefore, for that reason, Jaki Duneung Rinpoche's name for this heart advice. That means,
also, this is his practice.
He practiced and meditated. He followed. It's not just that he's talking as intellectual, he can't
really understand, but he's talking as a practice, what he practiced and meditated, how we actual
ize realization.
And that same experience, realization, that knowledge that he is hearing with us, with his kindness
, his compassion, for all the living beings, those who are interested to practice.
Of the Buddha teachings, and particularly, as followed, as taught by practicing lineage, or as
practiced by all the practicing lineage. He is a master.
So, that is what really we're following. And now, again, in order to follow this, always, as we
heard that, and I also mentioned, and that we activated our joy in appreciation.
Joy in appreciation of our very existings, and our situation, and our circumstances, and all
abundant that we are relieved, has thoroughly asked with beautiful things, really, not just our
making of those same things.
Truly, you can reflect each of your times, your lives, your situation, your circumstances, for our
situation. Truly, we should be joy in appreciation of every aspect of these lives.
Even we have difficult troubles there, but that being the living experience, that's why we become
stronger, more stable, more determined, more directed, we have the goal to perform.
And that is a legacy, our own legacy. Legacy that we fulfill our own wishes, and legacy we leave
something for the benefit of others in the sense of all living beings as both together, as both
themselves.
So, that's why, there, for every reason, we should feel happy in the joy, appreciate it, many days.
And that teaching is so precious.
As I said the other day, lineage is so precious, teaching is so precious, situations are so
precious, circumstances are so precious.
All these situations, the brief situations, so many things, controgate with our, right in our plate
, right in our hand, this is wonderful.
We should not miss the opportunity. Do something, take something tangible that we can take that,
not just the only legacy behind.
But take that legacy with us, when we lead this journey. So, have the legacy now, have the legacy
with us.
And that is known as win-win. That is win-win, truly.
And so therefore, again, bring joy, our appreciation, more graceful, greater truth, thoughts.
And with that, and then also extended with both each other. All the sentient beings, that is
compassion, loving kindness, and understanding knowledge.
You are really practicing, you are taught, intentional, extended to all living beings, and both
each other, that's it, and both each other, we all know, we heard so many times, both each other.
And then, purely realization of the teachings. That was all we extended. With this, then we
followed this teaching.
In this teaching, we went many kind of varieties of the second teachings that were, as the Buddha
taught, post for noble truth teachings.
And one after another, we went, we convinced, highlighted, targeted, we went one after another.
We came to the rafudda, we discussed the foreign associations, then we kept the rafudda.
Then we discussed about the meaning of rafudda, the Buddha, Dharma, Sangha.
Those are also there, we can kind of highlight, kind of clarifications with each other, kind of to
re-pray our memories and knowledge that we learn from our great master.
So, all the form of the books that we learned, we went there.
And then we went to both each other, and both each other has also got a numerous way to divide
individuals, but then summarize into two both each other.
And which is, then, related to the both each other, and absolute to the both each other, absolute
to the both each other, relative to the both each other.
Relative to the both each other, can be divided into two, reaching both each other, actualizing
both each other.
And that's what really we did, reaching both each other, and actualizing both each other.
And we went, reaching both each other is, then, have a sincerely wish, with compassion, longing,
kind of thought,
for all living beings, and like to benefit for all the sentient beings, as much as they can.
They follow the footsteps of the Buddha, and both of you settle.
So really we have that, until you're told, very strongly, kind of, very beautifully developed in
the heart and the mind.
And then, because of that, we developed it, re-troghed it up, both each other's vows.
Those are the little, and we also mentioned them, taking vows from the both each other.
Once the re-troghed the vows from both each other, well, you have the siddling, call it a frick, s
iddling call it of the, the wishing both each other.
Then, perhaps, the wishing both each other, with the mentally exercised, and those are the poor,
boundless, and the tungling practices.
Those are our vows. When those are siddling in our heart, mind, then we apply them to the actions
by the physical, and as well as verbally helping.
And those are all summarized into six paramatas. Six paramatas, we're going to actualize the way,
actualizing both each other's.
Actualizing both the other can also summarize into three extraordinary training practices, which we
discussed about the morality training practices, concentrated training practices, and the versatile
training practices.
Those are a little bit, is known as lapa-song, or lapa-song, three extraordinary training practices
, and morality practices, concentration practices, and the versatile practice.
That is a condensed meaning of the six paramatas, six paramatas, particularly in the Mahayana
teachings, Mahayana teachings.
And, of course, this three extraordinary teaching practices is generated entirely by the teachings
there, but in Mahayana, that highlights the six paramatas practices, and that is.
And now, with that, kind of, with the, let, let we leverage that three extraordinary training
practices, it is a six paramata practice.
Then we learned the six paramata practices of one after another, those, such as generous paramata
practices, morality paramata practices,
morality paramata practices, and patient paramata practices, and joyful effort, joyful effort to
the virtuous paramata practices, those we learned one after another.
And now, it's a pit paramata practice, pit paramata, so how, how this, first, again, the generous
paramata practices, second is the morality paramata practices, third is patient paramata practices,
fourth is joyful effort to the virtuous paramata practices, those are the four paramata we learned.
Among the four paramatas, now we have to go two paramatas, that will make the six paramatas.
Paramatas, in a paramata, is a Sanskrit word, transcendental, I think it's translated into English,
and in the way it's called 'parathosimba'.
Actually, the true paramata is beyond the dualities, beyond the duality of the subject, object, and
activities.
That is absolute paramata, then that is inability to get that next paramata.
By the paramata, paramata is a Sanskrit word, in the Tibetan parathosimba, in the English
translated as transcendental, but it's also mean going other show.
The other show of the dualities, duality or grasping, that is the other show.
So we need to have no grasping and cling into the subject and object of the equal paramata and
activity, that is become the really, really paramatas.
So that is, the goal of the equal paramata is, is, such as, is that okay?
Okay, the goal of the equal paramata is beyond dualities, that is really that.
As that means, beyond the dualities means also absolute truth, absolute truth. So is that.
So that is what we've been discussing.
Among those five, six paramatas, we discussed, kind of quite detailed, but highlight the target,
the essential meaning of those possible paramatas.
Today, I'm going to show again, the picked paramatas, a little bit.
And a picked paramata, I went last time too, that week.
And of course, generally you all know. It's not something that, again, I'm talking that you don't
know or anything like that.
You're already very knowledgeable in the teachings of the Buddha Dharma and the study and the
scholars and all those, really, I'm sure you're all that.
So, but I'm just again into refreshing that somebody, my understanding, my knowledge, that
contributing to all of us to kind of additionally,
if somebody is benefiting or to clarification of yours and our practices.
So that is what we're doing.
Now, we need to pick the paramata.
Picked paramata is beyond paramatas or in Nietzsche, I think, commonly translated as concentration
paramatas.
As I said the other day, the first three paramatas, that means, generous paramata and morality
paramata, patient paramata, is mainly on the body and the speeches.
Mainly external activities of our physicals.
And your effort for the virtuous paramata is support of all paramatas.
Now this concentration paramata and versatile paramata is more connected with mental states.
To mine, actually what we have, we have three things in every individual.
Even there's many divisions, many explanations, it's true, there's also many things to explain, but
to summarize all things what we have.
Such as a symbol of "I" or symbol of "me".
What do we have? Our body, our verbal, and our mind.
That three, it's a simple way to explain that we can say "I am" or "you are".
That can't be replicated.
So what we have? That is three.
So this fourth three paramata is more related with physical, verbal activities.
Of course, again, all is vast upon the mind.
Because all that is really the kind of manipulative or directing, accelerating by the mind.
But really comes more kind of outreaching. Generally it's more outreaching with our good heart or
good body.
Morality is more outreaching, more where we behave ourselves.
Where we communicate with others, where we will be residing or be in the community, in the
societies.
That is more morality, more gentle, more peaceful.
More peaceful, more calm, more soothing.
That is really the morality. More nice and cool qualities.
That is morality.
Passion is also more with that.
Where we are standing in the community, where we are in the group,
how we are going to maintain our coolness and our moralities, our body together.
That is regularly guidelines for really meaning to how to behave.
How we go to the different challenges in our life.
We go through, life is like turning beds, one up another is turning.
Every day is in a way slightly different beds.
Maybe it's one chapter, but different beds.
And then within life there are so many chapters, one up another.
So how we should behave, how we should stand and adapt to every different change in movement.
So that is the patience.
Patience is like my bones, ours.
How we stand is strong, firm, all the good things we go through.
Whether it's good, whether it's bad, whether it's kind of whatever it is.
Remain strong, strong, solid and stable, keeping the principle,
our identity of the body together or the body together.
That is the patience.
And your effort is as in the teaching manual, it is supportive.
Your effort to the virtues.
Again you remember how very good teacher of the Gautakshat community
and as well as the world great master explained.
Your effort is not just your effort to any things.
Your effort to the virtues, to dharma.
That is your effort.
And we have your effort for our regular activity, Monday activities.
That is maybe in samsara we call it your effort.
But yet it is according to dharma.
It's leading us.
It's distracting us.
For our beautiful goal or performance of both each other.
Good practitioner, what is the most important in life?
To fulfill the goal of both each other is two times more important
than the goal of duality and negative emotion portfolio.
That is, that is creation of samsara activities.
More duality, more publication of negative emotions,
more endless of traps that we create that we cannot really eat.
Samsara or come out of that.
A joyful effort for the virtues of dharma.
That is the joyful effort of the worries of the Bodhisattvas.
Bodhisattvas.
That is one joyful effort.
So therefore it is supported to all the parameters.
Then now that is what we've been discussing.
Now, today we go again, I went through a big little bit of all this last time too.
And again, of course, you all know that.
Now we go to the fifth parameter.
Fifth parameter is beyond.
And it's a way to go to something, something that is part of the samsara.
And the samsara that is lion parameters.
And in the English, I think that's translated as concentration parameters.
So now it's completely kind of connecting it up to the mind.
Mind.
It's more mind, mind.
And if we think of this samsara situation in samsara,
how we act, generally, hardly, hardly,
normally sensitive beings or the human beings
never take about the mind.
Normal.
Of course, this time there is more kind of movement called mindfulness.
It's coming.
That is more and more mind.
Some awareness of the mind.
But before that, it's always out, out, out.
Hardly really to think of the mind.
But mind is behind the scene of every of our activities.
Mind is the engine of our body, our verbal, our communications.
Everything that we do, it all manipulates, starts from this mind.
So therefore, this concentration is directly dealing with mind.
When we don't have the exact understanding of the mind, mind,
no matter how much we do, the generosity, morality,
moral occupation, it's all kind of almost like surface.
Surface.
But when we have the kind of really like strength and power
over our own mind, then according to the teaching,
according to all the great masters, the beauty will come.
True beauty of us shines so beautifully.
When we have good concentrations, our generous parabola
will become more beautiful, more bright, more shiny, more effective.
Same time, morality parabolas, as well as patient parabolas.
Parabolas.
That's how we read the power and the beauty of the mind.
Because mind controls everything.
For that reason, Great Master Chantideva says,
when we are always as like, when we are always distracted,
distracted, we are, when we are always distracted by mind,
we are always in the jaw of the emotions, jaw, J-A-W-A, I think.
J of the emotion.
Any time, any moment can bite.
We are in the mouth of the emotions when we are distracted.
That means our mind has no control.
Mind is making all the troubles, psychological troubles, mental troubles.
And then when that happens, it also affects our channels, our nervous system.
All that, our whole environment of the brain, brain or the mental is really,
all become shaky, shaky.
When mind is strong and calm and peaceful,
then everything begins to settle calm and peaceful.
Therefore, this concentration of Parabola is so important.
So important because it deals directly to the mind.
Now with that understanding,
then Great Teacher, Buddha Chakra Muni taught extensively teachings
about concentration, about mind.
And how to put that practice now?
Practice.
That is then, we call to now, concentration.
And concentration is, again,
Dhyana is a Sanskrit word indicated as concentration.
So that means, when you heard concentration in India,
I think, you know better than me, but concentration means not skated mind.
Not just all, all the mind is concentrated.
Further that also indicating, I will put more that our mind is skated.
Never stays at the places where it can be.
It's always wandering, always distracted.
Distracted by external, all those objects,
mainly known as the five sensorial place of objects,
is really distracted all the time.
Time. So it's just always distracted, always wandering and roaming.
Concentration means all that our brain can't forget.
That means all the mind, whatever that's respecting the mind,
is coming back to home.
Home, sweet home is coming back.
That is, I think, Indian word concentrate too.
Dhyana means same thing.
And what is the teaching said?
Maintaining mind in one point, it is all natural status.
That is the meaning or the identity of the concentrators is going to maintain.
Maintaining, and also in the teaching said,
maintaining one point of mind to the virtues or the dharma.
Now, so that means not one point with negative emotions.
Maintaining, but to the virtues or the dharma.
Gave up sorrow, in it a bit, gave up sorrow.
Gave up sorrow means the virtues.
It's maintaining one point of mind, relaxing and calming.
It's calm and a relaxment.
Where you concentrate is also not forceful, or so tight.
Calmly, peaceful.
Shival ji, deva, neva.
Gave up sorrow.
Si ji, deva.
Shival neva, in the teaching said.
And one point of mind will be peaceful, relaxing to the virtues.
That is the concentrators.
So that is identity of the concentrators.
Now, talking about, again, the benefit of this concentrator.
Again, same thing as we went the first four parameters.
Those are 'alai' and the 'vat'.
First one is, it was avoided, it is opposite by activating concentrators.
And then it will bring realization of the emptiness.
And then it will fulfill the wishes.
And then it will lead and help to its own connection of the teachings.
Those are the four we went one after another.
Generous parameters, morality parameters, patient parameters,
joint effort parameters.
Again, I will go over that, let's highlight it with that.
This power, force it in well, purify or remove the opposite of the concentrators.
So when you have the concentrator, what is the opposite of the concentrator?
It is destructions.
By having a good concentrator, immediately it will remove the destructions.
Destructions, that will clear the way.
And when your mind is more calm and peaceful, peaceful, what it will bring?
It will bring realization of the emptiness.
Or it will bring the wisdom, the inborn wisdom, the shy, beautiful.
And we therefore that in action, what?
Then with concentration, it will fulfill the wishes.
Wishes of ourselves, wishes of others.
Honest, so it will fulfill that wishes.
Then, but because of the good examatory and your benefit,
it will, all those who are associated with us or with you,
it will aspire to designate their connections to the three realizations,
or three enlifements.
Those are the enlightenment of the ahada, particular Buddha,
and bodhisattva of the Buddha, it will connect them.
Those are in the teaching set.
So those are the four activities, four benefits, four activities of the Buddha.
Now, once you go, that is the division of that.
And now we go over, again, we are then in a division now,
of the division of the Dayan Paramata, is it can be summarized into three.
Those are known as general concentrations, or basic concentrations.
Concentration and understanding of the clearly distant meanings
of the dharma or the phenomenons.
And the concentration that we are pleased with the Buddhas.
So those are the three concentrations.
Again, those three are, first are basic general concentrations,
or the beginner concentrations.
And the second is the concentration that clearly understand
the distinctly meaning of the phenomena of all the knowledge.
And the third is concentration that will please the enlightenings of the Buddhas.
Those are the three concentrations, three concentrations.
Now, to develop the concentrations, what do we have to do?
We have to avoid the distractions.
Distractions.
And that is distractions.
And if we have the distractions, then we are always, as Chandideva said,
we are always on the jaw of the negative immersions.
So we should be, we should have no distractions.
No distraction, please, but what the teaching said, we should have no distractions
from the distraction sources that will distract us.
So that means the distraction source of the physical,
the distraction source of the mental, where we can.
And that, too, is then what the teaching said.
It is to actualize those two, kind of, two distractions.
Then what we have to do? We have to do two hermitages.
Or in other words, maybe instead a hermitage, two solitude.
Solitude of the physical, solitude of the mental.
Mental solitude.
Or exhalations, maybe in other words.
This time is kind of like what we have normally now, our exhalation.
In a way, as I said the other day, is it a retreat?
Is it a true retreat in a way?
External circumstances, allowing us like retreats.
But then, of course, we have to do in the teachings,
then you have to do exhalation of the mental activities too.
Then there is meaningful retreat.
Exhalation of the external activities,
or exhalations of the external activities
and exhalations of the inner mental activities,
then we become calm and peaceful.
In order to develop those, in any teaching said,
the great master Kamala Sharap,
who is the foremost disciple of the great,
humbling master of the Tibetan Buddhism,
Shenta Bhakta, Kamala Sharap.
I am sure in the neighborhood you heard,
because this is only the Dalai Lama,
offering to give the teachings of the Kamala Sharas.
He wrote three meditation books,
or the gradual meditation techniques of the post,
second and third.
He gave three different teachings.
As Rakhur's divide came to some days, he gave.
He came to Tibet to represent the Mahaprabhu in the run, in Tibet.
And because they had some difficulties and disturbances
of the different way to pursue the practice and meditation of the Buddha Dharmas,
that come from China, that come from India.
So they had some distractions.
But that was predicted by the great Master Chantalakita,
before he entered Mahaprabhu in the run.
He said, what Chantalakita said,
in the Tibetan country they will not have tabulus,
or they will not have the tabulus of the disturbance of the Buddhism
by the different faiths, but within the Buddhism
there is some disturbance will come.
When that comes, my disciple Kamala Sharas,
you must invite him to help,
to solve and settle that in peaceful manners.
And when the great Master Chantalakita said that,
and then came and asked, you think he will come?
Come.
And Master Chantalakita said, yes, he will come.
That is his commitment to each other, me and him,
as a student and teacher's commitment.
But also I will leave the right letter, we left the letter.
In the preacher, the very king needed you to come in Tibet,
you have to come, as his invitation and help him.
He left the letter, as he left the letter,
and he surely sent a difficult king.
And the king invited the great Master Kamala Sharas,
and then he solved those problems,
those beautiful stories and his stories,
and I am sure you know that, I am not going to go over those things.
But anyway, he wrote those three practices,
how to pursue the practices of the meditation practices.
But as of course, by the King Chasondebi,
this Kamala Sharas wrote three books.
Those are known as the graduation meditation techniques
of the beginning, and the same title, second,
and the same title part, three books he wrote.
In the middle book, the second book, the middle book,
what great Master Kamala Sharas said?
He said, "When you meditate, you have good conditions,
good conditions that will help to perform good meditation or good practices."
So this follow, what I am going to list,
is the really good conditions, good support for meditation.
Meditation, how many meditations in that generally?
There is Shama meditation and Vibhachana meditations.
These two are the basic foundation of the meditation.
Shama meditation is concentration meditation,
what we discussed, concentration meditation,
and that will bring one more gesture in peace form.
Shama meditation, Vibhachana meditation will understand
the perfect meaning of the true nature of both subject and objects.
Both subject and objects.
Exhale, that means exactly as emptiness realization.
Contramplicated realization of the emptiness
will bring by this, not intellectually talking.
It will bring that realization.
That is what the daily teaching said there.
So now this is what I am going to follow.
That teaching said what?
Teaching said, "I will list that, list that, and then we go again."
As I am here, I am talking slowly and quite poorly,
according to my capabilities, so that we can understand that
because we don't have luck or anything.
We are all in our different places.
So therefore, I am taking time and also I think in a way
it will help a little bit clarification where you are understanding
or at least a little bit reminding of those memories
or not books or even books.
So really that is my intention and that means all we are in a way
studying and contemplating.
Then we can put into practice.
Practice and meditation.
So those are the way I am explaining, so I am not rushing that.
Therefore, I go again, those lists again.
This is false.
One great Master Kamala Chala said,
first is have the favorable places, favorable places.
That is number one.
Second is, see, less desire.
Doba Chona in a little bit, less desire.
Third, Choshiba, more content, contentment, content.
Fourth is, is more ethics or the moralities.
Moralities.
And fifth is, is less activities.
And sixth is, less thoughts, less conceptions, less conceptions.
Those are the positive group of the support of the meditations.
Post meditation, yes, support or even in tea, isn't it?
The cause.
There are favorable conditions, favorable cause
to activate good concentration, good meditation, good practice.
Good practices.
That poor.
And that is one.
Post is placed in the favorable places.
The favorable place, when you have seen favorable places,
is then less physical distractions.
Destructions.
Those are favorable places, are explained, again,
as a Greek teacher, Buddha Chaka, told, and that clarified, by the material.
Material.
Future Buddha material is teaching known as doddity,
superelegara, or supereornament.
In that teaching said, those wise person like to get practice,
like the practices, post qualification of the practice,
or, sorry, post, go to the hermitage.
That's it.
If the wise like to practice, go to the hermitage.
Hermitage.
Now, once the qualification hermitage, like this in the teaching said,
qualification of the hermitage is,
there is five qualifications of the hermitage.
First one is easy to get necessary community things.
Easy to gather that.
That means our food, our kind of necessary things
during the teaching is a little easy to get.
That is first quality of the hermitage.
Easy to get.
Second is the area is excellent.
So the area is excellent.
What does that mean?
There is not kind of like all the different wars are going.
There is the kind of pipelines are going.
There is so many robberies and gangsters that are trying that and that.
And all as well as many kind of wives and greasers are roaming in the distance.
So there is not all of those things.
That's called the excellent areas.
So that's the second quality of the hermitage.
Third quality of the hermitage is beautiful space.
Beautiful places where you stay.
What that means?
Because beautiful space, there is nothing.
When you stay there a little longer time,
there is not going to develop related sickness and disease for the elements,
from the art, from the water or from the areas.
It's kind of clean, calm, peaceful.
Nice areas, nice places.
So they are not going to get sicknesses.
Sicknesses.
And then fourth one.
I think fourth one, right?
Fourth one.
Fourth one is then excellent print.
Excellent print.
So that means the area, the humidity, the area,
there is also your friends, spiritual friends.
You have similar interests, similar practices, similar meditators,
similar desires.
So our conduct is kind of like same.
Our area is the same.
Our philosophy is kind of the same.
So it's very harmonizing places.
That is fourth quality of the hermitage.
And the fifth quality of the hermitage is then,
is it called the area?
Area is good.
It's the area.
It's quite good.
Again, easy to get.
Common and necessary when you need necessary things.
Easy to get.
At the same time, there is less destruction during the daytime,
noise and all these things.
In also nighttime, there is no kind of robbery again in the nighttime activity.
So daytime, there is less, more quietly peaceful.
Night, say, is also quietly peaceful.
Those are known as pit garland of the area or the hermitage.
That is known as the paver river place.
That is the positive condition.
Positive course or positive quality conditions of the truth
have developed good meditation or good meaningful practices.
Second is then what Kamala Khyala's teaching said.
Less desires.
So that means what?
In a Greek teacher, Buddha Khyala's teaching said,
follow the Middle thought.
Middle thought, not the extreme of the luxuries,
nor the extreme of the ascetics.
Ascetics.
Immediately, whatever you have,
that's the kind of feel there.
There are not too many desires in this one, that, this one.
One, you have one thing, then the second, the third.
It just goes on and on.
Whatever you have, feel happy with that.
That is a less desire, not criving.
Craving, all the time, different things.
If we have that, that will make our mind more calm and peaceful too,
as well, very happy.
Then, third one is the contaminant.
Commandment means whatever you have, you will be happy.
Appreciate.
We are one in the Buddha's teaching said.
We are more full of the appreciation than we are like the material.
Many times, we have the material, but we don't have appreciation.
And we will have more, less appreciation, more craving, all the time.
Craving mind is powerful, better.
No matter how much you have in the teaching said,
you have, you sit forward.
But when you have the containment, whatever you have, feel rich.
Containment is more rich.
For that reason, great Master Nagarjuna said in his letter to his friends,
"Among all the wealth, the containment is the supreme wealth."
Containment, the containment is the supreme wealth.
For that, that's what the great teacher Buddha said.
See, that's what Nagarjuna said.
That's what Buddha said.
Therefore, my dear friend, he should have more containment.
We wrote this letter to his friends.
That's what Nagarjuna said.
It's not just Nagarjuna said that Buddha said,
"When we are content, we are more calm, more relaxed, not craving all the time."
All the time.
A kind of great mind, a great ego, has not enough.
We know that.
And that would make more mind distracted and less less.
And then mind becomes more excited.
Anxiety and all the stress for all those things, really,
numbers of problems are all coming because more greedy and less content.
So therefore, great Master Kamachara said that.
So that is my talk for today.
And then, of course, we will continue to go on this, slowly by slowly.
And so thank you, okay.
And that is what you will recall.
Thank you.
And then, as I said, this time, as we did last time, healing ritual.
But this is still healing ritual.
We can delegate it.
Marry it for all the really healing purposes and all that.
So we will go to this as, I think, an announcement in the Dachydali Bullet.
That all that, and every week we do three weeks, three days.
Friday, Saturday, and Sunday.
But our schedule will be the same as like 3, start at 3.30, all that.
And then each time, I will give also the board a half an hour to talk something.
And then we practice.
And particularly with Samsala Dawa, it is very beautiful, really like a special month.
And so we do the practicing.
I remember a great teacher, Buddha Chakra Muni, on old Buddha's morning sattva.
He celebrated the practice and dedicated that merit for all the beings, to everyone.
So that's what really we do.
Okay.
So thank you very much again for attending and for participating.
And thank you very much for coming.
Thank you.
Okay.
And now we won't do the meditation as we did for the last time we did meditation.
And now we go straight to the practice of that.
So now we begin again with the seven-line prayer one time.
And then leading the prayers.
And then we go to the new version of the Buddha Sattva.